document arrayContainsElement filter (#15455)
apache/druid: docs/querying/filters.md

{ "type": "regex", "dimension": "someColumn", "pattern": ^50.* }
```

## Array contains element filter

The `arrayContainsElement` filter is for checking if an `ARRAY` contains a specific element, but can match against any type of column with scalar columns being treated as single element arrays.

| Property | Description | Required |
| -------- | ----------- | -------- |
| `type` | Must be "arrayContainsElement".| Yes |

> | `column` | Input column or virtual column name to filter. | Yes |

Author: this matches all of the other tables in the page.. i guess i can update all of the tables... again :p

> | `column` | Input column or virtual column name to filter. | Yes |

Reviewer: its ok even if we make an exception here :)

| `elementMatchValueType` | String specifying the type of element value to match. For example `STRING`, `LONG`, `DOUBLE`, `FLOAT`, `ARRAY<STRING>`, `ARRAY<LONG>`, or any other Druid type. The `elementMatchValueType` determines how Druid interprets the `elementMatchValue` to assist in converting to the type of elements contained in the matched `column`. | Yes |

> | `elementMatchValue` | Array element value to match, including null. | Yes |

Reviewer 2: The original wording is mostly ok imo, but the explicit can be null is helpful.

```suggestion
| `elementMatchValue` | Array element value to match. This value can be null. | Yes |
```

> ### Example: equivalent of `WHERE ARRAY_CONTAINS(someArrayColumn, 'hello')`

Author: all of the other examples on this page are framed in terms of SQL queries, am going to leave it as is

> ### Example: equivalent of `WHERE ARRAY_CONTAINS(someArrayColumn, 'hello')`

Reviewer: hehe. that's what I thought but was too lazy to look beyond the surrounding functions.
